Angel Hack – Hack Bangalore


Research Engine for the ROI of the project

1)	Monetary returns (If any)
    a.	An increase in Monetary returns will give a greater incentive to investors to invest in a particular project
2)	Time frame (If it is less than 5 years, or else for 5 years)
    a.	The longer the time, the greater the investment but also the greater the returns, either greater monetary returns or bigger social impact. 
    b.	Factors determining the release of the SAFE equity for the investor must be clear.
3)	Risk factor (If it is a project that can completely fail)
4)	Range of Impact (Number of people/communities the project has benefitted)
    a.	If the area of impact is larger, the project, its creator, and the investor are likely to gain greater visibility and recognition.
5)	Location of Project
    a.	If the region has the potential to grow, the success of the project within it can elevate the investor’s reputation.
6)	Change in poverty rate
    a.	An increase in poverty rate causes more problems in the surrounding area of concern which in turn will cause more issues in the area in terms of infrastructure, education, etc.
7)	Change in literacy rate
    a.	An Increase in literacy rate will result in a greater employment rate and will increase economic development. This will eventually lead to Healthier communities and communities that are socially included.
8)	How trending is the problem
    a.	The more trending the issue/problem, the more lucrative it gets concerning the scope for growth.
    b.	The more relevant the issue becomes, the more likely it is for the solution to succeed.
9)	Capital Required
10)	Project Objectives and Design
    a.	The clarity, relevance, and effectiveness of the project's objectives and design influence its ability to achieve social impact and financial sustainability.
11)	Technologies Used
    a.	Advanced and latest technologies will ensure the success of the project.
12)	Long-Term Sustainability
    a.	Sustainable interventions contribute to higher ROI by maximizing the value generated per unit of investment and creating lasting change in communities and systems.
13)	Ecosystem Support
    a.	A supportive ecosystem facilitates collaboration, innovation, and resource mobilization, leading to higher ROI.
14)	Cross-Sector Collaboration
    a.	Collaborating across sectors, including government, business, academia, civil society, and philanthropy, enhances the effectiveness, reach, and sustainability of social projects.
15)	Ethical Considerations
